# Introduction
This is the repository for an R file that demonstrates the concept of Literate Programming.

Literate programming combines data analysis with documentation. It can contribute to reproducible research by enabling reproducibilty.

**All of the data processing and documentation contained in this directory was generated by rendering the _main.Rmd_ file.**

Conceivably, Literate programming could be combined with a Docker image of all of the data for complete portability of results. This is discussed in more detail in main.PDF.

# Requirements
1. A working installation of R with up-to-date packages. This can be obtained from e.g. http://r-project.org.
2. Patience and a sense of humour.

# How To Use This Code
I've split this off into the ["HowTo.md"](HowTo.md) file.

# Documentation
Documentation is provided in several forms:

* as `main.pdf`,
* as `main.html`, and
* as `main.md`, which is [Github-flavoured markup](main.md).

All of these files are generated from `main.Rmd`. That's kind of the point of Literate Programming; your code is your documentation, and vice-versa.

# Releases
You can find the most recent _stable_ version of this code in the [releases](../../releases) part of this repository.

# Reporting Bugs and Requesting Improvements
This software is provided as is, with no guarantees.

Please use the [issue tracker](../../issues) to report problems or request improvements.

# Code Maintainers

* [Andy Clifton](./)

You can get in contact with me by raising an [issue](../../issues).

# Project Contributors
* Nikola Vasiljevic, DTU
